[Music]
13 wardrobe tips to look young yet not
like teenagers
[Music]
today we've explored what famous sharply
dressed ladies wear to look young but
not like teenagers there are no tips to
forget about miniskirts and move to
pencil skirts and refreshing colors
after all it's up to each of us to
decide what to wear but there is a
win-win combination that will make you
look gorgeous in any situation number 13
handbags and backpacks strict outlines
instead of shapelessness formless large
backpacks and handbags simplify your
image and make you look more like a
teenager if you need to carry a lot of
things with you it's better to choose a
large handbag of clear outlines as
Miranda Kerr does or try a backpack of
geometric shape without owls and studs
like Kate Bosworth
number 12 crop tops with high-waisted
skirts yes crop tops are stylish we want
to wear them yeah most of us had flat
bellies only in early youth it's better
when 30 something girls wear crop tops
with high-waisted skirts so that only a
narrow skin line is visible and the
navel is covered to make the belly look
flatter
by the way this combination creates the
right proportions of the body it
balances the top and bottom and makes
the legs look longer number 11
skinny jeans with massive boots or heels
skinny jeans tend to add volume to the
bottom and hips and present your body in
an unfavorable light it's better to
choose a looser top and not combine such
jeans with ballet flats or other
minimalistic Footwear
you should wear high heels ankle boots
heavy boots or sports shoes number 10
tight dresses and fitted dresses only a
young lady can afford a tight knit dress
it's better to choose a seductive fitted
dress instead of a tight one and if
there are voluminous details in the
upper part for example sleeves this will
give the desired balance of the top and
bottom and make your body look gorgeous
number nine sports shoes with a dress or
a coat a light dress with a flower print
and sports shoes definitely not it's
better to choose a dress with a simple
cut also we recommend choosing shoes in
a sporty style rather than classic
sneakers if you still decide to wear
them it's better to choose something
very neutral like a straight coat with
no extra details like Alexa Chang did
number eight shorts loose cut clothes
top quality shoes
[Music]
choose loose models from a dense fabric
that keeps the form well and doesn't
Rumble shorts made of lace and other
thin fabrics looking more like underwear
make the bottom look bigger and suit few
people of course the top should be loose
and not too open
another good idea is to wear shorts with
quality shoes and handbags like Olivia
Palermo number 7 aggressive sexy style
and intelligent sexuality
thirtysomething is the time of
intelligent sexuality Nicolette lacing
tie cut short skirts
you shouldn't combine these things
Victoria Beckham knows how to dress a
way that is sexy modest and gorgeous so
you can safely take her style as an
example
[Music]
number six fitted puffy dresses and a
line dresses light dresses with an
elastic band at the waist are associated
only with young ladies it's better to
choose a line dresses fitted or not they
attract attention to slender legs and
create a sense of fragility of the
figure number five miniskirt dense
fabric and loose top we often hear that
women who turn 30 cannot wear miniskirts
well we don't agree what if someone just
discovered this miracle all you need is
to follow a well-known rule the top
should be closed one more thing it's
better to choose a slightly loose top
hide the belly and avoiding it it's
skirts instead choose those that keep
their shape number 4 short bell skirts
and a line skirts the same thing is true
about bell skirts they're undoubtedly
beautiful but only if you're a teenager
as you can see they don't even suit
Jessica Alba it's much better to replace
them with short a line skirts or new
look style skirts and if you don't have
the physique of a model the upper part
of the skirt should define the hips in
this case it won't add a couple of extra
pounds number three experiments
multi-layered Asian style we believe
that women who have turned 30 or lucky
they're more confident in themselves
less dependent on others opinions and
they can afford to experiment
for example you can explore Japanese and
Korean Street styles instead of a
deliberately sexy style from Instagram
[Music]
multi-layered outfits elegance loose
dresses tight pants
and interesting textures number two cool
details
thirtysomething ladies can afford to pay
more attention to details instead of
choosing showy clothes it can be an
unusual fabric exquisite lace or a fine
combination of shades these details
create a polished image showing that you
understand your advantages number one a
win-win combination jeans plus jacket or
jacket plus accessories you can
endlessly make cool outfits out of a
fitted pair of jeans several tops a
jacket a cardigan or a leather jacket
Jessica Alba is a great example now
don't forget to hit the like button
below the video and share it with your
friends who are in love with fashion to
stay on the bright side of life click
Subscribe
[Music]